hi I'm Sahar Lila from Lila loves
fashion calm and recently I've been
really trying to focus on different
hairstyles for the blog because you know
at the end of the day your look is all
about your hair as well and today I'm
going to be shooting for the blog in
this amazing look and I wanted a
hairstyle that was a bit more funky but
still quite chilled
luckily I've set my picture to Tony so
he can help me out on how to do that
look that I want on myself so let's go
Tony and see what he has to say
eyes are a kewpie handle ah I love this
surah when looking at E he Ryan Kent had
a massage re make you feel fair give it
a shot like our nose damaged a dual ten
bits of human water without yellow
insane cars I'll try it now thank you
good luck well up ships to our blog okay
bye so the first thing you do is you
take your amp in and you find this your
center parting like that now it's time
to start with the braids so you start
from one side of your hair so if you
take one side into three sections to
braid away from your face
and always this can be done in so many
different types of braids but I think
I'm just going to stick to the easy one
so it looks something like this and then
just keep braiding and then you pin just
at the bottom of your hair like that
there that's one side I know it's really
messy but that's the best part of the
look that you could go get away with it
looking a little relaxed so I'm almost
done with the braids on this side as
well wow I did it keep it down with the
spray so we're going to spray it really
slightly so you take your trusty iron
and you just start taking little pieces
of your hair and curling it up and then
you can fix it okay that's the last curl
done the curls look amazing
thanks to Tony's advice to put mousse in
before when your hair is still a little
wet well again just play around with
your braids to make a look a tiny bit
messy and just brush out your curls with
your hand finger so look nice and
natural and I finally you spray it all
over I'll slip it back and I'm ready for
my photo shoot oh yeah and don't forget
to check out more tutorials on Walnut
Arabia's YouTube channel and check out
the pictures on metallo's fashion calm
you